# Template

## Instructions for using this file

1. Copy this file to the <> directory and give it a name that matches the use case you're describing. 

   For example, to create a new best practices doc that focuses on using includes:

   ```shell
   cp template.md <dir-name>/using-includes.md
   ```

2. Delete this section from your new file.

3. Complete the template to create your new doc!  
   Be sure to delete the instructions and sample text from each section before submitting your work for review.

---

# {Title}

Example: `# Using includes in nginx.conf`

## Introduction

> Give a brief overview of the topic and what users can accomplish by following this doc.
> Include a brief explanation of why these best practices are recommended.  
> Save the deeper explanations for the [Discussion](#discussion) section.

Example:

(*Full disclosure: This was generated by ChatGPT 3.5 in response to the prompt "describe the NGINX include directive in the style of Charles Bukowski".*)

The NGINX "include" directive, you know, it's like finding an old bottle of whiskey tucked away in the back of the cupboard. It's there, quiet and unassuming, but when you crack it open, it's got stories to tell.

### Audience

> Who will be interested in this use case?
>
> 1. Choose one of the following from our [target personae](CONTRIBUTING.md#target-personae):
    - [Application Developers](CONTRIBUTING.md#application-developers)  
    - [DevOps or PlatformOps Engineers](CONTRIBUTING.md#devops-and-platformops-engineers)  
    - [Network Engineers](CONTRIBUTING.md#network-engineers)  
    - [Security Professionals](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-professionals)  
    - [System Administrators](CONTRIBUTING.md#system-administrators)  
    - [Web Administrators](CONTRIBUTING.md#web-administrators)  
> 2. Identify the target persona in a short overview paragraph (1-2 sentences).

Example:

The target audience for this use case is the System Administrator. Using "includes" in nginx.conf files is an important concept for Sys Admins because it helps keep configurations for different users, apps, or services organized and distinct.

## Before you begin

> Include any prerequisites here. List format is preferred.
> This section is optional.

## {Task name}

> In this section, you will provide the steps a user should take.
>
> - This could be as simple as "Add the following to your nginx.conf file", or it could require multiple sub-sections.  
> - If you're not sure how to organize your content, start a [style discussion](https://github.com/nginx/best-practices/discussions/new?category=style) in GitHub.
> - Be sure to provide working, copyable code examples in this section.  
> - Clearly identify any placeholder text used in the example that the user will need to replace with their own values. Give guidance on what to replace the placeholder value(s) with.  
> - Tip: You can add example conf files to the [content/conf-examples](content/conf-examples) directory. These can be linked to for download from your doc.

Example:

```md
## Define an include file

In this step, you will create a new file that contains a section of NGINX configuration. 
This file will be called from the nginx.conf file by using the include directive.

You can download the conf file used in this example here: [some-file.conf](content/conf-examples/some-file.conf).
```

```nginx
# In this location block, replace '/some/path' with the 
# path in your site or application that you want to route
# traffic for. 
# Replace the example URL provided here with the URL or 
# IP address that you want to direct the traffic to when 
# client requests the specified path.
location /some/path/ {
    proxy_pass http://www.example.com/link/;
}
```

### {Sub-task name}

> Provide the steps for any sub-tasks in nested sections.
> Using sub-task sections is optional.

## Discussion

> If needed, you can dive deeper into any concepts in this section.

Example: (*This is a continuation of our ChatGPT-generated NGINX include description, in the style of Mr. Bukowski.*)

You see, NGINX, that tough son of a gun, it’s got this move called "include." It’s like gathering up all those scribbled notes and pieces of paper you've got lying around, and sliding them into one smooth envelope. Neat, huh?

So you got these files, each with their own damn secrets, settings, and commands. It's like a bar with its regulars, each with their own preferred drink. Now, "include" steps in, and suddenly, these files are all at the same party, sharing stories like old war buddies.

Paths to these files, that's like directions to those hidden corners where you stash your good stuff. NGINX, it's the bartender, pouring those bits and pieces into the mix. It's like watching a jazz band play, different instruments coming together to create one hell of a tune.

So, you got security rules in one file, route maps in another, and maybe some caching tricks in yet another. And with the "include" directive, NGINX ties it all up in a gritty package. It's like that moment when you finally find a comfy spot at the bar, drink in hand, and all the chaos around you makes sense.

In the end, the "include" directive ain't flashy, it ain't gonna buy you a mansion. But it’s reliable, like an old friend who's always there when you need a hand. So here's to you, NGINX "include" directive, you're the glue holding this wild ride together. Cheers.
